feat(opentelemetry-collector): add troubleshooting for macOS uninstallation problem (#3363)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/install-collector/macos.md

## Troubleshooting

> For general Sumo Otelcol troubleshooting, refer to [Troubleshooting](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/troubleshooting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general Sumo Logic OTel Collector troubleshooting, refer to [Troubleshooting](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/troubleshooting).
```

Here are some troubleshooting steps specific to macOS.

### Error `/Library/Application Support/otelcol-sumo/uninstall.sh: No such file or directory` when uninstalling collector

If you are trying to uninstall the collector on macOS and you are getting an error similar to the following:

```console
$ sudo curl -Ls https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector/releases/latest/download/install.sh | sudo -E bash -s -- -u -y -p
Detected OS type:	darwin
Detected architecture:	arm64
Going to uninstall otelcol-sumo.
main: line 785: /Library/Application Support/otelcol-sumo/uninstall.sh: No such file or directory
```

This means you have installed the collector before the installation script used packages in MacOS.

> To uninstall, use an older version of the installation script:

Reviewer: @astencel-sumo can you confirm I've captured the meaning correctly in this suggested edit?

> To uninstall, use an older version of the installation script:

Author: Yes, thank you very much @kimsauce for these fixes. All done.
